# tour_and_travellisam
Travel and Tourism management system: This is an online project developed using Php and MySQL. The purpose of this project is to provide the complete information about the vehicles available for a tour.There are 2 different types of users. First the customer visits the site and enters the place from where to where he wishes to travel. He also provides the date as when he would like to travel. Then he sends these details to the travel and tourism agency. The employee of travel and tourism agency receives the mail and check which vehicle is available for that day and reverts back to the customer along with the quotation. If the customer agrees for any one of the quotation, he can reply back along with agreed quotation. Then the agency will take down all the details of the customer and will send a confirmation message to the customer. On the day of the tour, the customer first must show the confirmation message to the driver for clarity and only then he will agree to drive after looking at the confirmation message. This software is user friendly and helps in finding the vehicle sooner rather than wandering manually everywhere to find for vehicles. Before the tour starts, half payment has to be done. After the customer returns or reaches his final destination, he must pay full amount either through cash or through cards. After the travelling the customer can come back to the site and enter his feedback about the travel and tourism agency. If any good feedback will be taken positively and if any negative feedback too will be taken positively and try to improve what had lacked. The report is also generated periodically and the database will be cleared according to the time span for faster performance.
Travel and Tourism sample code is available in the below link directed. If you would like to purchase the exact code,, mail us. A quotation will be sent. A complete support will be provided by our team to you after the purchase.

The Travel Management System team is currently developing and implementing an enterprise-wide travel system to replace the TAPS system. This system will be used for all Indiana University faculty, staff, and students to submit travel authorization documents and initiate reimbursement requests. The new system will allow for the automation of travel approvals and processing of reimbursement requests.
Currently, Travel Office staff manually enter travel authorization and reimbursement data. The system is slow and inefficient and leads to data entry errors and delays in processing travel reimbursements for IU faculty, staff, and students. The new system will speed up processing time and provide more accurate data.

